The guy who eats inside and out
It actually stopped the supply of ingredients to our restaurant
Those small traders in Cai Luan are not allowed to sell to us
What do you say about this?
Damn Fan Yang
I knew he was a hungry white-eyed wolf
Let's go
President President
This is a letter from each county
As early as three or four days ago
The ecological screening on our ninth floor has been cut off.
Go on like this
In less than a month
70% of the industry will go out of business
Humph waste horse
I want to go to Huaishuidao immediately
During the time I was away
Even if you hit me with silver, you have to renew your figure for me.
Vendors don't sell
And it didn't matter.
If you really can't do it, go to the county seat
Lailaifang boss
grab
Expensive
What's the matter, little Li Rong has a Maxima horse on his back
Running in the direction of the Huai Waterway
Did Boss Fang see it?
you
Now this stick has been hit on Li Rongfa
He is now completely anxious to run to Huaishui Road
Even if this Maxima goes back and forth, it will take 6 days at the soonest.
In addition, it will take 4 days to hit the channel.
It may take 10 days to add up.
Hmph, Li Rongfa is done this time